hey hey hey everyone its Paige here
ready to share a weekend in my life I
study physical Natural Sciences at the
University of Cambridge and this is what
I get up to you on a typical Saturday
and Sunday during term time Saturday
mornings are always my favorite because
I can have a lie-in and the Sun has
risen before I get off that's always a
bonus please don't judge the state of my
bathroom it's an organized mess I
promise walking around in my dressing
gown is a key part of my Saturday
morning fluffy slippers are also an
absolute essential I then decided to
quickly make my bed because if I didn't
make it at this point it was just going
to be left in a mess all day
finally I fixed up my eyesight and
headed downstairs
don't forget the room key I didn't fancy
getting locked out and having to go to
the horses lodged in my dressing gown I
headed to the laundry room to retrieve
my clothing that I'd put in the wash the
night before I did this first because I
shared the laundry room with the other
members of my staircase and they'd get
annoyed of my clothing was stopping them
from using the washing machine it was a
quick task and since I was going
downstairs for my breakfast anyway it
made sense to do it at the same time I
don't want to track off and down those
stairs more times than necessary then I
popped into the kitchen I'm always so so
hungry in the morning so cereal is the
first port of call if I don't have
something to eat as soon as I get up I
feel ill and we don't want that most
important meal of the day kids as some
of you may know I have some weird habits
one of them being that I don't like
raisins in my muesli so I have to pick
them out beforehand and then add a very
specific amount of milk but honestly
it's all working it for the perfect bowl
of muesli then I obviously washed up my
bowl straight after finishing my
breakfast it's not good to let your
washing build up and I like to keep our
kitchen tidy it's not your typical
student kitchen clean surfaces is what I
like to see then I headed back up to my
room
apparently I was on a roll that morning
because I thought straight back to my
chores and hung up the washing I just
fall out of the way
I also folded and put away the dry
clothes hanging on my clothes airer from
the week before I never really have much
time for laundry and chores during the
week so it usually all gets done at this
point as always I've managed to find
myself four unpaired socks why does it
always happen to me
like where are my socks going anyways I
got over it pretty quickly and went to
choose my outfit for the day off I go to
get showered and dressed I give you
pages study attire a fashion icon I know
first things first I switched from my
computer because I was guaranteed to
need it throughout the day whilst I was
studying or at least I tried to turn on
my computer turns out I decided to
install some updates the night before
the 40-minute wait the installation was
not ideal in the meantime I made my
to-do list for the weekend
this included reviewing lecture notes
problem sheets for supervisions and
research internship applications since
my desktop computer had still not come
to life it was time for Plan B and I
whipped out my laptop which I usually
use when I'm studying outside of my room
I just want to say now that I know it
may seem excessive that I've got a
laptop and a desktop but they're
extremely useful for editing purposes
and the frequent use I get out of them
for my uni work makes them a worthwhile
investment
once I've answered a few emails and also
plugged my laptop in to charge I got out
the classical dynamics question sheet
that I've completed the week before and
reviewed any questions that I have not
got right first time around time
permitting I like to do this with every
question set by complete to make sure I
have a full understanding of the module
before moving on to the next topic
after about two hours of work I got
changed and ready to head off to the
boathouse for a rowing outing
I cooked for the Jesus College Boat Club
and it's a really fun way to take a
break from my studies over the weekend
this was actually my favorite outing of
the whole term so far the Sun was
shining not a cloud to be seen
rowing outings when the weather's nice
are the best thing ever
even the cycle on the way to the
boathouse was enjoyable in the gorgeous
weather if you hadn't already guessed
the Sun puts me in such a good mood Here
I am parking my bike off at the
boathouse the river cam was looking
lovely our boat is the one on the bottom
rack and this is me heading into the
boathouse I went straight up to the
changing room just to dunk my bag I made
sure I had my visor with me so the Sun
didn't blind me and also my gloves
because yes my hands get very cold even
when it's sunny here's a view of the
Jesus College boathouse and here's me in
the Coxes seats with my lifejacket and
head set on my rowing outing took a few
hours so when I got back I had to run to
get to College brunch on time they
stopped serving brunch at 1:30 and there
was no way I was missing it it's the
highlight of my Saturday
I'd never cycled back to college so fast
before in my life I joined my friends in
the Coolidge Hall as you can see I was
having a great time
after CAF I always go to check my
kitchen hole always to see it's empty
but nevertheless I do like to check my
empty pitch see thumbs up for no mail
[Music]
I decided I needed a change of scenery
in the afternoon so perhaps up my work
into my rucksack and headed to the
library the college has its own library
which is only a five-minute walk from my
accommodation so it's very convenient
and it's a really nice place to work I'm
always most focused when I'm working in
the library just because I can see other
people around me working and that
motivates me to work myself surprisingly
I managed to get one of the highly
sought after booths to sit in they're so
spacious so I literally just spread my
work out all over the desk I was going
over at the most recent quantum
mechanics lecture notes so that involved
going through and highlighting them
annotating them making flashcards on
them and answering the questions
relating to them in my question sheet
I made slower progress than anticipated
it was really frustrating but sometimes
it just happens you see a question you
get stuck and then you have to think
about it for a very long time after two
hours of attempting and failing these
questions I decided to leave the library
and give myself a break sometimes it's
better to just come back and reattempt
the questions with a fresh mind at this
point I had to go and collect some stash
that I'd ordered stash is College
branded clothing and the collection
point was one of the other student
houses I was very excited to pick up my
new sweatshirt there's nothing I love
more than some new clothes
I headed back into college through first
courts and then went back to my
staircase I found my friends all chillin
on Ed's balcony I briefly joined the
party before going back to my room and
giving my parents a cool
a video called them on my computer Becky
Lee and give them all the updates I can
tell they miss their favorite daughter
when she's away at uni at 5:40 it was
time for cath dinner so I headed over to
the cooler tool with my friends we pay a
kitchen fix charge each time to get
subsidized meal prices at cap there's
different options each day and it saves
me the trouble of cooking myself as well
although to be fair cooking is actually
a life skill I do still need to master
at some point you queue up then get your
tray your cutlery and your glass of
water and then you ask the catering
staff for your choice of meal at the hot
counter Saturday night is always burger
night not the healthiest of all meals
but it's nice to treat yourself at the
weekend when I got back to my room it
was dark outside so I went to close my
curtains as you can see I had also got
changed into some comfy clothes since I
wasn't planning on leaving my room for
the rest of the evening my computer had
finally managed to turn on and install
all the updates so I got that going and
then got up iTunes and put on some music
to study along to up until a few months
ago I was very against studying along to
music I felt like it distracted me and I
just wasn't as productive but now I
found that listening to music while I
study makes me associate good things
with studying maybe it doesn't keep me
as focused as I could be but it makes me
look forward to a study session because
I know I can listen to my favorite
playlist anyway I was making a second
attempt at the physics questions that
I've been struggling with in the library
earlier and I was actually quite
successful it suddenly clicked as to
what the questions were asking about and
I had a very productive evening of work
the questions they set us are designed
to be challenging and often all they
require is a little bit of persevere
I like to spend a considerable amount of
time getting work done on Saturday
evenings just to make up for the time I
took out earlier in the day for things
like rowing outings and brunch I went
down to the kitchen to fill up my water
before I went to bed but then I got a
little bit sidetracked and found my
friends playing cards in the I mean
of course I had to join not gonna lie I
get quite competitive but card games are
so much fun and we've been playing them
a lot this term eventually I made myself
go to bed though because I didn't want
to be tired for the next day and welcome
to Sunday morning where the eight
o'clock alarm makes a return it was
another beautiful day can you believe
this was February trying not to waste
time I went to grab my dressing-gown and
went for breakfast
but what cereal would I go for this
morning decisions decisions shreddies I
like to vary up my breakfast food to
keep life interesting I popped my bowl
back in my cupboard when I was finished
if you've ever wondered what my dip
cupboard looks like this is it as much
as I would have liked her stayed sitting
in my dressing gown in the kitchen I
headed back up to my room to kickstart a
productive day another day another
outfit choice just to clarify though I
never dress up too much at the weekend
it's for lectures and labs during the
week that I really make the effort I
wash my hair every other day so this
morning I had to dry my hair and then I
straightened it as well if I leave my
hair to dry naturally we get a frizzy
mess and we don't want that
once I was looking presentable I quickly
made my bed I like to keep my room
looking pretty with lots of decorations
on the shelf and
pink 3 for the first part of the morning
I tried to finish off my quantum
mechanics questions I've been working on
the previous day it was just a matter of
perfectly consolidating everything in
the lecture notes and making sure I
hadn't made any stupid mistakes around
mid-morning I headed off to my absolute
favorite place to study
in west courts you find the roost which
is the Jesus College cafe and bar we are
so lucky to have such a great place to
socialize as well as study and the
prices are really reasonable I treated
myself to a coffee and cake I mean how
could I resist the cafe was very quiet
when I first got there but it soon got
busier as the morning went on the noise
didn't bother me though I actually quite
enjoy the background chatter and the
general coffee shop atmosphere
I got stuck into some questions for my
maths module I was solving Laplace and
Brussels equations in various different
domains with different boundary
conditions after a few hours had passed
I relocated to my room and continued
with the same work
[Music]
here you see the desk of a second-year
physics students everything's
handwritten so yes there are a lot of
papers I took a break for lunch and went
down to the kitchen to make a toastie my
friends told me my toasty making skills
weren't up to scratch and very kindly
gave me a helping hand constructing my
toasty toasty zarm I go to lunchtime
food since they're quick and easy to
make while I ate I chatted to my friends
also I'd like to just say cuz I know
people are gonna comment on this eating
a toast eat with a knife and fork is
perfectly normal to finish I enjoyed
some melon and then I had to go and
quickly get changed into my course in
clothing since I had another rowing
outing I usually have for rowing out in
the week yes it does take up a lot of my
time but I enjoy it and I stay on top of
my work as long as I manage the
remaining hours of the day effectively
this was halfway through the outing when
we were waiting to spin as you can see
from where I'm sitting I can see all the
rowers blades and then I can cool them
out if they're not putting their blade
in the water at the right time I cycled
back to the College from the boat house
after the outing was over and look at
that she's vlogging and cycling at the
same time what I was pretty proud of
myself for this not gonna lie in the
hour before dinner I decided to do some
work on my internship applications I
read over and made notes of the
requirements of the roles I was applying
for and looked at the deadlines and
application process for each one as
always I went to CAF for dinner which is
as much about socializing as it is about
getting food I was quite excited when we
returned to the staircase because I'd
found some books which had been put in
my pigeonhole then I did some work on my
CV and started pulling together all the
things I needed to make my applications
for the internships basically I'm trying
to get an internship for the summer it
should hopefully help me decide what I
want to do in the future what my career
choices are going to be however at 7 it
was time to leave my room and go out to
socialize I was meeting up with the
other courses of the Jesus College Boat
Club and even more exciting I was
bringing my waffle machine with
I am the traveling waffle woman this
wilful machine was a present when I left
for uni last year and trust me
waffles buy you friends here are the
consumers of the waffles all looking so
very casual and of course here's me
these are some samples of my creations
not my best work but they'll do after a
few hours of chats and waffles the
social ended and I headed back to my
room I was sad because it was a very
quiet staircase and no one was around
and I wanted people to chat too so I
could procrastinate instead all there
was to do was get back to my maths
probably just as well because it took me
a while the questions really required
some thought you can see me yawning a
lot at this point it had been a long day
of work an early ish night was very much
needed finally work for the day was
finished and I ticked off everything I
completed that weekend on my to-do list
I actually did a very good job with only
one task left uncompleted I put a star
by it to remind myself to carry it over
to the next day then I shut down my
computer for the day
goodnight iMac I brushed my teeth and
got ready for bed still in quite a good
mood and now it's that sad time when the
weekend is over
please like and subscribe follow me on
Instagram and I'll see you soon with
another video bye
[Music]